AI code is here and it's here to stay.
Who hasn't seen the productivity gains?
We're talking CEOs of companies doing
37,000 lines of code every single day. I
mean, what else is there to our lives as
developers? If we can put out that much
code, why would we do anything else?
This totally isn't going to come back to
bite our asses, right? It's not like
we're going to lose all our skills as we
rely on the slot machine more and more,
and as a result, the slot machine
becomes a slot machine and nothing ever
works how it's supposed to. This
definitely isn't currently happening and
people definitely aren't starting to
notice, right? Oh, Aenta coding is a
trap. This sounds like it's going to be
a very, very fun article. I have a lot
of thoughts here, as you guys can guess.
On one hand, I love coding. I love
building things. I care about the
nitty-gritty of syntax. I've built
entire stacks around my specific tech
preferences that have went so viral that
they helped build my entire career on
platforms like this. On the other hand,
I very much enjoy these AI coding tools.
So much so that they've fundamentally
changed how I think about tech and the
things that I build. And I've never
spent less time actually writing code.
In fact, if I open up my code editor
right now, I'm not even looking at code
in it. I'm looking at a prompt file and
then a bunch of CSVs for the data for
all of the runs that I'm currently doing
with agents. I'm barely looking at code
anymore. There are things I'm doing more
of, which is cool. Like I've never
gotten so good at git in my life. I've
never used SSH and remote boxes as much
as I do now. I'm trying out all sorts of
new things. I am learning all sorts of
new technologies, but I also feel some
of my skills atrophying and I find
myself when something doesn't work just
rolling the slots again and again hoping
that this time might be the one where I
get the output I'm looking for. Pulling
that lever costs a lot of money. You
never know what you're going to get, but
at the very least, you know what you're
going to get in our sponsor break is a
really cool company like this one. Are
you the type that pays attention to what
tool calls your agents make? Cuz I am.
And I've noticed that there's one thing
they tend to do a lot. Curl. The
frequency at which I see my agents
making curl calls to get information
about web pages, documentation, and more
is honestly kind of funny, especially
because of the frequency at which it
fails. Because it turns out a lot of the
web doesn't respond with the real
contents when you hit it via curl.
Whether it's an empty HTML page that
requires JavaScript to populate the
content or something that's hidden
behind a capture or a firewall or some
off layer of some form, there's a good
chance your agents are going to struggle
if they're relying on doing curl
exclusively. It'd be really nice if you
could just wrap your curl request in
some way where it won't fail on those uh
oh, it's on the screen already, isn't
it? Yeah. Today's sponsor is browser
base and they just added a new fetch
feature that makes it easier than ever
to get the real content from any
website. If you want it as HTML, JSON,
or even markdown, they'll handle it all
for you. Instead of curling the site you
want directly, you make a post request
to the API.base.com/fetch
endpoint. You pass it the body with the
URL you want, and then all it needs is
an API key, and it will now be able to
scan that site reliably for you and get
you what you want. On the pages that
require JavaScript to run, they have you
handled, too, because Browserbase can
spin up real browsers in the cloud.
That's why they exist. That's how they
got their whole name. They provide real
browsers for your agents to do real
things on the web. Whether it's clicking
buttons, signing in, getting
information, running JavaScript, and
more, they have you covered. Going to be
real with you guys though, there were
some use cases a cloud browser wasn't
great for, like search. Oh, is it on the
screen again? I need to stop doing that.
The search stuff is really cool, too.
Adding a real way for your agents to do
search and get the context they need to
unblock themselves is incredible, and
that's why so many companies rely on
them for it. So if your agents need
better searching, better fetching,
better curling, or just better access to
the web through a real browser, look no
further than soy. Browserbase. Back to
where we were. Agentic coding is a trap
written by Lars Fay. I'm actually really
excited about this one. Multiple people
who I trust sent this to me to take a
look at. I haven't read it yet, so we
get to go through this together and
hopefully we'll have interesting things
to add. Remaining vigilant about
cognitive debt and atrophy. Interesting
that the angle here is cognitive debt
and not technical debt. I already have a
feeling I'm going to like this a lot
because I've personally found tech debt
is actually one of the coolest things to
deal with with AI. It's actually kind of
amazing how willing models are to go
after tedious tasks like making a new
lint rule work across your whole
codebase or updating a package that
broke the definitions for a thing that
occurs in 5,000 places. I have done
crazy work for tech debt in my life that
just required so much brute force and
manpower it wasn't worth it. Like I I
still vividly remember a time at Twitch
where we were doing a migration for our
GraphQL layer that broke I think it was
8,000 or so TypeScript files. So we took
all the ones that were now broken, put
them in a Google sheet and would assign
chunks to different engineers to go
through and manually update on the
shared branch to try and get everything
up to date. Like those are the types of
things we used to do by hand that often
would get left and the tech that would
just sit there because the process of
fixing it was too much manpower to be
worth it. AI is phenomenal at those
things. So whenever I see the like AI
causes tech debt argument, I get
frustrated because it also solves a lot
of the same tech debt that it can
potentially cause. But cognitive debt is
a much much more interesting idea. So
let's see what Lars has to say. Starts
with a quote. AI does the coding and the
human in the loop is the orchestrator.
This is the sentiment being hyped up
around the industry currently.
Traditional coding is all but dead.
Inspect driven development is the
future. Okay, I really think we're going
to agree if he's talking on STD
already and we barely started. Oh boy.
You generate a plan and disconnect from
writing any code. The agents know better
and handle all the implementation. You
are there as the expert to provide good
taste, review the outputs, and
constantly steer the agents to execute
the plan that you meticulously put
together. How meticulous are you guys
writing these plans out to be? Cuz I I
don't believe you. I don't believe any
of you are actually putting that much
effort into the plans if you're not
watching the agent when it runs after.
Yeah, there's there's another angle I
could talk about with the expert thing
here. I'm not going to go into it yet
cuz I want to read a bit more first, but
I already have so many thoughts. The
workflow takes many shapes at this
point, but in general, it's a process
where someone defines the project's
requirements simultaneously at a micro
and a macro level. Very, very good call
out here. They generate a plan, and then
they pull the slot machine lever over
and over, iterating and reiterating with
often multiple agent instances until
it's done. All the while putting a
growing distance between the
orchestrator and the code that is
actually being generated and committed.
Coding agents are helpful and powerful,
but there's already some quantifiable
trade-offs that need to be discussed.
First, we have an increase in the
complexity of the surrounding system to
mitigate the increased ambiguity of AI's
non-determinism. Very real problem.
Second, we have the atrophying of skills
for a wide swath of the population. I'm
definitely starting to see this. Third,
we have vendor lockin for individuals
and entire teams. Cloud code outages
have already had entire teams at
standstills. Yep. and fluctuating and
increasing costs to access the tools. An
employees cost is fixed. Tokens are a
constantly moving target. Yeah, I do
think that the demand going up is
causing our brains to fall out a bit
with the costs increase. I don't think
long-term the cost for agentic work is
going to keep going up. The same way I
think people are going to do more with
AI and use more tokens, but the cost of
intelligence at a given level is
consistently going down. Flashbang
warning. I talk about this a lot with
the new GPT models because they are more
expensive per token. So if you're
measuring a given input and output that
are the same work between the old and
new models, 5.5 is 2x more expensive.
It's double the cost for input and
output tokens. But if you compare per
level of intelligence and the number of
tokens generated, things get much more
interesting. GBT55 is the highest
scoring model on artificial analysis. It
is at 60 points whereas the previous
generation with Opus 47, Gemini 31 Pro
and GBD54 were only at 57 points.
Meaningful improvement, but I'm going to
add something to this. GBT 5.5 low as
well as GPT 5.5 medium. And here's
what's super interesting. 55 medium
scores the same as 54x high. And 55 low
still scores very well, too. comparable
to Claude's sonnet 46. But when we go
back down to the cost efficiency, this
is the cost that artificial analysis
paid or would have paid if they weren't
comped to run their entire benchmark
suite. Opus 47 is the most expensive by
far at 5 grand, even though it's less
smart than 55. But remember, 55 medium
and 54x high are the same level of
intelligence. 54x high cost $2,800 to
run this bench. 55 medium cost under
1,200. So if that level of intelligence
was enough for you, your cost just got
cut in more than half. You're now at
less than 50% of the cost to do those
same tasks as you were at before. That
is a very, very meaningful change. Sure,
the best model in the world got slightly
more expensive, going from 2,800 to
3,300, but that same tier of
intelligence from before, the one that
came out 2 months ago that we were
totally happy with, is now less than
half the price. And if you're okay with
going a little bit dumber, not even much
dumber, just like sonnet levels, the
price drops all the way to $500. Another
having of the price. And this model 55
low is as smart as 46 sonnet max, which
is the second most expensive model at
$4,200. And this model came out very
recently as well. So again, if we look
at this based on the intelligence level
per dollar, the cost per IQ point here
has dropped by 8x in just a few months.
Sonnet 46 came out earlier this year,
$4,200 to run this benchmark, 51 points
on the bench. 55 Low, which I would
argue is a much smarter and nicer to
work with model. Same level of
intelligence and eighth the price. So, I
just wanted to jump on that because I
don't necessarily agree that the costs
are increasing in the sense that every
month if you do the same thing the
number goes up. It's that we are doing
more with tokens. So, the amount of
tokens we're using is going up, but
we're also finding ways to get more
intelligence per dollar. So, the cost
per task and the cost per level of
intelligence is going down. So, we need
to be realistic about those differences.
It doesn't mean that companies aren't
getting a little screwed here because
they hired a bunch of developers. They
pay their devs I don't know let's say
company pays their devs 5 mil a year
last year they paid 100k in cursor this
year they've already paid a half a mill
in cursor and they're only a few months
in that that is a legitimate cost that
they are eating that sucks so on the
bill it does look like prices are going
up but by the metrics on how things are
actually changing and improving much
less so we're just using the AI more
just want to jump on that cuz I agree
with almost all of the rest of this
being successful with this approach to
coding agents hinges on a rather crucial
element ment. Only a skilled developer
who's thinking critically and
comfortably operating at the
architectural level can spot the issues
in these thousands of lines of generated
code before they become a problem. Yet,
in an ironic twist of fate, it's the
individual's critical thinking skills
and cognitive clarity that AI tooling
has now been proven to impact
negatively. This is all around the term
cognitive debt, which is a really good
phrasing. Many relevant people like
Simon Willis and Martin Fowler are
describing the experience of cognitive
debt directly. They talk about getting
lost in their own projects and finding
it harder to confidently add new
features. They can move faster, but they
lose the deeper sense making that
connects decisions to intent and the
intent to the code. So, my hot take on
this is that if you weren't already
experiencing a bit of it, you weren't
shipping fast enough. I can't tell you
how many projects I had that I went
really hard on for a month, got to a
pretty good state, then had to go do
something else, came back to it, and had
no idea what the was going on
anymore. This is this is inherently the
way humans work when they're doing
enough different things. You can't keep
the details of all of the context of
stuff in your head. The problem is I
perceive it here is that more people
became theos because of AI. I used to
ship like five plus projects a year
before AI cuz I just loved building
things and putting them out there for
people. That took a lot of not like
expertise in the traditional sense, but
it was a just like the way I built, the
way I thought about things and how I
would cut project scope down to get a
deliverable, usable version as
efficiently as possible. Hell, this is
why I made the T3 stack. I wanted to be
easier to build things with confidence
rapidly that would work reliably without
having to fully understand all of the
pieces. I was kind of an early vibe
coder. Not because I was using AI to
write all my code, but because as soon
as it worked, I would move on to the
next thing and forget what the hell I
had just done. It was just like
willy-nilly deleting giant chunks of
code, writing code mods to update
thousands of things, hoping that it
worked and just checking if the build
came out correct in the end. I have been
slinging far too many lines of code for
my levels of expertise for my entire
career. And it's fun seeing everybody
else have the problems that I have had
for the better part of a decade now.
Specifically around remembering where
everything is in the codebase and having
confidence when you review code that
things are actually changing the right
way. I would also argue and many would
push back on it but I understand both
sides that my ability to do this was
novel and potentially exceptional. It no
longer is. The thing that made me
special on a team is that I could
unblock and make things move and hit
deadlines that didn't seem possible
before. I was a bargaining chip at my
job where my team would negotiate with
other teams to lend me to them to
unblock something that they were
complaining about so they would unblock
us on something we had to do. Very
common that I would be traded around to
make things move faster. Now you can
just prompt your way through it. The
issue is I had to work to get there. You
can argue whether or not I was an expert
and that's why I could do this. But you
can't argue that it was a novel thing
that I could do this. It was novel
enough that I was paid exceptionally
well and had a really good career
because I was able to jump between a lot
of things and I could deal with the
cognitive load and the cognitive
shifting going between all of these
different things. Now everyone is doing
it and most people aren't built for this
and it sucks. There's a separate problem
that combines with this though. The
reason I could do this is I deeply
understood the building blocks I used to
build in this way. I might not remember
exactly how I assembled the things, but
I knew the pieces I used to assemble
well enough that I could infer why a
problem happened based on my knowledge
of the pieces. AI disincentivizes you
from learning about the pieces. And I
think that's the biggest problem. Humans
are very pain. Feeling dumb hurts. When
you're trying a thing and it doesn't
make sense, you feel pain. When you try
a thing and it just goes as expected,
you feel good. AI has made it easier to
avoid that pain and feel that reward.
And what used to be a upfront cost you
would pay to learn the pieces and then
you could get the reward of solving the
puzzle is now a slot machine. And your
choices are go learn the pieces so that
you can actually solve the puzzle
correctly or keep pulling the slot
machine until hopefully the correct
answer comes out because each pull hurts
a lot less than reading the docs for a
language you don't understand or
learning a library that doesn't map with
your mental model properly or debugging
something that feels hopeless. I learned
about this from skateboarding. The
reason most skaters give up before
learning to ollie, much less kickflip,
is because it feels so bad. You hate the
feeling seeing others so effortlessly
jump on their skateboard, ollie
downstairs, and do all these fancy
tricks, and you can't even get the board
to come up off the ground with you. And
then maybe you try a little too hard,
and you hit your shin really hard, and
now walking's uncomfortable for a few
days. Most people give up before they
learn those tricks because the pain is
so great and the feeling of stupid and
incompetence is so strong that they
don't want to push through it. At least
in code you didn't have the physical
pain. You just had to feel dumb. And
I'll be real, I kind of miss feeling
dumb. I haven't gotten to as much lately
and I try to find ways to like
intentionally picking languages I don't
know like Rust when I build a new
project so that I have to not get it and
start learning things about it. But
every time I start feeling dumb, I feel
the itch. I feel the temptation to pull
the slot, to just do one more run in
hope that maybe this time it'll generate
a solution and now I don't have to learn
the thing. And I think other people just
don't have the same willpower. And I
don't think that is that exceptional a
thing. I don't think it was even
necessary before. But your your ability
to say no as a developer has never
mattered more than now. And your
willingness to feel stupid, to go
through the details and not let the AI
bail you out is a superpower.
Personally, I have been learning a lot
more than I've ever learned because of
this. Both because I'm learning all
about AI and the business side
especially, but also because I'm finding
more fun in things that I felt too dumb
in before. Like I'm getting way deeper
in cryptography. I'm making cryptography
challenges. I never thought I'd be able
to do that. I was always fascinated by
it. Now I'm doing it and I'm asking
questions about it and I'm having back
and forth with the agents and now I
don't feel as bad bothering my friends
about it because I'll exhaust the AI's
capability to answer my questions first
and now when I bug a friend that is
deeper in the space I'm asking better
questions. Then there's also the aspect
of fear here and I have a feeling we'll
talk about that later so I'm not going
to dive into that just yet. Let's get
back to the article cuz it's already
making me talk too much. The next
section is called not just another
abstraction. Common refrain we hear in
the community is that programmers are
just quote moving up the stack and into
a different type of abstraction. Whether
or not these tools really are an
abstraction layer in the first place is
not a settled matter. A high level of
ambiguity is not a higher level of
abstraction. Woof bars. What he's
referring to here is the idea that we've
already done abstractions. Like we used
to do punch cards and then assembly made
it so we didn't have to poke the holes
in the cards. Then C happened and it was
much easier to write and then generate
code that was assembly for different
systems. Then we got C++ which would
include a lot of the things that you
would have to build yourself previously
in C. Then we got languages like Python
and JavaScript that didn't even have to
be compiled. They just ran in a virtual
layer, a runtime that was built in these
other languages. We kept abstracting
higher and higher up. And let's be real,
how many JavaScript developers can read
assembly? I mean, let's be real. How
many JavaScript devs can even read
JavaScript at this point? But you get
the idea. These abstractions would keep
you from knowing as much about the
layers below. But the best engineers had
strong incentives to learn at least one
layer above and below where they were.
All the best C++ devs I know are very
familiar with V8, the JS runtime. All
the best JavaScript devs I know are very
familiar with V8 and its quirks. The mid
ones don't understand the things above
and below them. But the great ones tend
to be at least one layer, maybe two or
three, above and below where they tend
to live. But is natural language another
one of these abstractions? Is markdown
to JavaScript what JavaScript is to C++?
I used to think it might be, but I'm
learning now the answer is probably no.
Let's see what Lars has to say about
this. If we put the abstraction
conversation to the side, it is true
that programmers tend to be weary of new
languages and new ways of programming.
When Fortrren was released, programmers
were skeptical of it as well. They had
similar claims. It was likely to
introduce more bugs and instability.
Writing assembly more directly was more
efficient. Later, there would be
discourse around the integration of
compilers, introducing too much magic
into the process. These were normative
arguments around the fear of what might
be lost if these new technologies were
embraced. The difference with what is
happening today is that those previous
fears were speculative and theoretical.
In just the short few years that AI
tooling has existed, we've already seen
significant impacts. These aren't just
junior devs, but even those with a
decade or more of experience. Here are
some posts that he grabbed from Reddit.
Losing my ability to code due to AI.
Hello everyone. I don't see it come up a
lot, but even after a few years of
coding, using AI on a regular basis for
over a year has made me feel a lot more
insecure about my coding abilities. I
feel like my skills are really
deteriorating while simultaneously
feeling like there might be no need to
know how to code at all. Handling
feeling dumber or like losing skills due
to the need of using AI. Recently, my
company started enforcing using only AI
for all software dev. That's a terrible
idea. Erase the code. I love that this
dev is so deep that code autocorrects to
codeex. It writes the code, then agents
review the code, etc. We're supposed to
be architects who only look at outcomes
and not the code. For context, I have 9
years of experience. I'm 31, a father of
a 1-year-old, so let's agree that a side
project after hours is not an option.
Every time I use AI to do everything, I
feel like I'm losing my skills, that I'm
becoming a worse professional, etc.
Especially that if you want to get a new
job, you're mainly and mostly graded
based on your technical skills. Letting
AI do 100% coding fried my brain. Help.
AI reliance and cognitive decline. I
find myself using more and more AI to
speed my efficiency. Whether it's
organizing a schedule or a quick
screening of code to actually writing
small snippets. There are definitely
people experiencing this. I was afraid I
would experience this and somehow
haven't. I I know I keep making the same
comparison over and over again. I think
the fact that my job wasn't just coding
and hasn't been for a while prepped me
better for this. I've had a team of
engineers for the better part of a
decade at this point. And realizing my
best use of my time isn't being in the
weeds writing the code. It's helping the
team execute more effectively while
understanding the system well enough to
help them debug when things go wrong. I
write less than 5% of the code across
our products, but I solve over half the
outages. And I'm really proud of that.
My understanding of the system has gone
up, not down over time. And the AI tools
are helping me maintain that
understanding and guide my team better
as we architect our systems. I would bet
my ass that every single one of these
four people has never had to manage a
team before. I also see Chris Titus
Techch in chat with a similar experience
here. He's coming from a CIS admin and
infra background. Most of his coding
abilities used to revolve around
scripting and now with AI, it's really
opened so many doors. He could jump into
low-level languages he would have never
had time to before. And that's what I
experienced too. There's a lot of things
that weren't worth me learning because
the friction of going through the long
window of dumb and the burden I would be
to other people asking questions was too
high. AI has lowered that to the floor.
So the right mindset here can make you
way more productive and way more capable
of learning in a way that's really cool.
I'll say that less experienced engineers
like junior engineers, career
transitioners or people that just didn't
get it before, they're getting a little
more screwed here. My chat sent me this
tweet from Austin Kennedy who's 22 years
old. He thinks Claude Co is
deteriorating his brain. Every single
day for the last six months, he's had
six to eight quad code terminals open,
waiting for a response to so he can hit
enter 75% of the time. It's done
something to him. Apparently, his
friends bring it up pretty frequently.
None of them feel as sharp as they used
to. Don't know if it's just us or others
in their 20s who are feeling the same
thing, but something he's been thinking
about. Yeah, if you didn't get through
the years of friction to really
understand these things, you're going to
get addicted to the slot machine. I've
seen a lot of people falling for this in
particular. Also, the the worst ones are
the ones who have always been really
insecure. The people who I'll I'll be
real crude here. The people who don't
have imposttor syndrome. They are just
imposters. And I've seen some horrifying
examples of this. People who have been
like working at Google for four years
that don't know how to use SSH. Like
I've seen this a lot. And those people
are now addicted to the slot machine.
And they went from being kind of bad,
but like at least they could write some
Python here and there to just a net
negative on the team. Funny enough, I've
seen that same person instinctively go
to chat GPT and ask where they left
their keys because they're so used to
asking it everything. This archetype of
person, I would argue, was never
particularly useful. And the AI is just
continuing to erode their already eroded
brain. The gap between the great and not
great engineers has grown massively and
AI has accelerated that. And again,
examples from people in the industry
saying that the juniors on their team
are shipping really fast, but they don't
know how to debug anything they didn't
actually write the code for. This dev
hired a junior who learned to code with
AI. He can't debug without it. Don't
know how to help him. AI debugging
underrated. It's a specific skill
separate from building with AI. I don't
think you should be debugging without AI
at this point because if you have a bug
and it's affecting users, everything you
can do to increase the likelihood that
you solve the problem is something you
should be doing. So, when I had an
outage a few days ago on Ping, our video
product, I haven't touched that codebase
in 4 years minus like testing agents
upgrading it every once in a while, but
it was built on the OGT3 stack, a stack
that I invented. I know the layers very
well. I know where the failures can be.
So, I grabbed the first error I hit. I
pasted it into a codeex instance and
immediately went back to the browser to
try and get more info and debug it. I
ended up figuring out roughly what it
was. It was Prisma getting a null for an
ID when it was trying to do a
referential integrity check to get data
for a join that it was doing and it just
got a null and failed as a result. By
the time I had figured this out, the
agent that was running had its own
entirely different theory, but I didn't
care. I opened up another tab in T3 code
and asked a different question. Which of
these table referential integrity checks
is the most likely to have a problem and
I switched over to fast mode. While it
was running, I was going through the
code and going through our error logs. I
saw the notification that the request
was done. I went and checked and it said
that it was very likely to be the link
between user table and the join for
which users are in rooms. I knew what I
had to do at this point. I had to remove
all of the links between the rooms and
the user that were for this dead user. I
didn't want to write the SQL query
wrong. So I told it what our schema was
and asked it to write the query to
remove all the rows that match this
particular pattern. And then it worked
and then I was done. So I did around
three AI agent requests while I was
doing this debugging. I don't even know
what the first one output. I just had it
run in the background while I was
debugging. found a much more likely root
cause, asked a second agent about that.
It correctly identified what table the
problem would be from. I asked it to
write a query to figure out what row was
affected. It did. I pasted it. I got the
right result. I pasted the results back
into my agent. It told me what query to
run to clean it up and then it was
fixed. This was me and the AI going back
and forth sharing our understanding of
the capabilities of my system and what
we were experiencing in order to debug
more effectively. Note that this would
not have worked at all if I didn't know
the system already. I also would have
taken much longer to solve this if I
didn't have AI and I would have been
more scared about my solutions because I
didn't want to go write the SQL
for this when I was at an event in
Miami. Yeah. So, I am very okay with
using AI in the debugging process.
Anybody who says otherwise is either
stupid or bad faith. The problem is
people leaning on AI because they don't
understand the system and their refusal
to learn the system because it makes
them feel dumb results in them only
getting anything done with AI. Different
problems and I want to be very clear
with the distinction here because again
these tools are really useful when you
know what you're doing. Back to
the article, Lars says it is actually
different this time and I agree. This is
different from a C++ dev moving to
Python or Java because as he says, they
didn't complain about brain fog when
they made the move. They complained
about the awful object-oriented
programming patterns that they had to
adopt in Java. When a CIS admin moves to
AWS, they don't feel like they're losing
their ability to understand networking.
On that note, there's a lot of people
who would argue Verscell cost them their
networking understanding, but different
conversation for a different time. A
senior engineer losing their coding edge
and becoming rusty over time as they
move into managerial roles and practice
coding less often is not a new
phenomenon. This was the natural
progression of expertise. An engineer
would put in decades to coding
experience lots of friction and their
experience would be logged and that
would result in them having the time and
experience necessary to solidify their
skills and wisdom and they could apply
that wisdom when their job became less
about syntax and more about higher level
architectural decision. Those
individuals are not only exceedingly
rare, but you won't get the next wave of
seniors if we're all abdicating the
friction of writing, problem solving,
and debugging. Ding, ding, ding.
This is the concern I have. I am
predisposed to being good with this
because I already coded in a way that
relates to this. And then when I moved
to leadership positions and I was
advising at many different teams while
also coding and being in the weeds, too,
I got to build these skills really
early. And I'm super thankful for the
people I worked with for letting a
stupid 22year-old step way
outside of their role to start steering
architectural decisions and helping in
outages that they shouldn't be near.
Being involved in like P1 instances that
they should have nothing to do with and
learning not just how things work, but
more importantly how they fail. I'm
really proud of my debugging
skills. My team's almost annoyed that
like I can come into a codebase I've
barely touched in years because there's
some outage and say, "Oh, it's probably
that." And I'm right like 70% of the
time. And if I'm not, I get it right
within the next three tries. Usually my
systems understanding and my ability to
like link one, two, and three to form
the picture. That's what I'm good at.
And I wasn't initially. I had to build
that skill up because I was doing too
many things at any given time. and I was
lucky enough to be surrounded with
people that were cool with me stepping
way outside of what I should have been
doing. I will say that with the right
mindset and focus, I do think the skills
I built can be built independently now
if you build a big enough system and put
the effort into understanding where it
fails. On the other hand, the incentives
for that are going down and the interest
in building your fundamentals is going
down with it. I used to be the person
that would push back on learning like
fundamental CS. Like I didn't think you
needed to go memorize all of the
different sorting algorithms and all of
the different like big O notations for
different solutions to various problems.
Like I don't think most devs should need
to know how to inverse a binary tree.
But the moment you have to, you should
be able to figure it out. And
this is always my take. The fundamentals
don't matter until they do. And you
should be in the right mindset to learn
them when it makes sense to. when you
have a problem that benefits from it. If
something is slower than it should be
and you notice that your sort algorithm
takes too long, it's time to learn
better sort algorithms. I don't know if
that take of mine will carry over to
this era. I would hope that when you're
running into problems because you're
fetching all of your data through use
effects that you'll look into how other
people do it and you'll find React
Query, but I think it's more likely the
agent just does it for you and you never
learn the difference. I suspect that
because I've already seen a lot of
engineers do that even before AI. The
number of engineers I saw making their
code comically worse by fetching all of
their data in these weird patterns that
were super inconsistent and unreliable
across their codebase that wouldn't use
React Query because they don't want to
learn another new thing.
you're basically unlearning. It is less
code and less effort. It is a simple
wrapper for async functions. It couldn't
be easier. But the idea of another thing
to learn was enough of a turnoff for the
average low IQ dev that they wouldn't
bother. And now that person's
been given a lever they can pull to make
it matter even less. That sucks. AI is
going to take bad devs and make them
atrocious. But I do still hold a little
bit of hope that the devs who love this,
who really care about how things work,
not just the feeling of them working,
will take advantage of these tools to
accelerate how quickly they learn and
grow. And I have already seen this. It's
a small number of people, but I have
them in my community. People who are
doing way more than they should be at
their young age without any real career
experience yet because they're building
things bigger than they have any right
to and they're curious about why they're
breaking and how to solve the problems
at fundamental levels that I love. I
like this framing here, too. What's
happening now is a trend where devs who
have never had the longevity or the 30
plus years of friction that lead to the
deep understanding are being moved to
higher level workflows requiring those
same skills to manage the AI agents that
the senior engineers took decades to
obtain. Yep. I'll go a step further. You
had to be a good engineer to have a big
code base. Either you were hired to help
in that big codebase or you built it
yourself. There was a intelligence and
competence requirement like a a friction
that was necessary like a you have to be
this tall to come in type thing. You had
to be this competent and this experience
to build real work before. Now Claude
can get you into a position where you're
maintaining a code base that is bigger
than any engineer with 5 years of
experience would be comfortable with and
you learned how to code a month ago if
you even actually learned. That is the
biggest issue is there's devs who are
way out of bound for where their
capabilities are and they're not using
the tools to learn to better their
capabilities. They're using the tools to
reach past their capabilities and then
just throw up their hands when things
break. Another great point from Chris
Titus Tech. He's on fire. He'd expand
this and say that if you do open source
and have contributors, it will help
point out the mistakes. I'll go even
further than you are here, Chris. Open
source maintainers are massively
outperforming average devs in the AI
world because they're used to slinging
slop and dealing with random
from various capabilities and levels of
engineers, many of which know better
than them, many of which know less than
them, all of which are opportunities to
learn. And this is actually why I think
you're an exceptional dev despite not
being a dev because you're doing
something way harder. You're trying to
fix Windows, but aside from that, you're
also trying to like maintain these real
legitimate open- source projects people
rely on every day. I say as a person who
relies on win till every time I do a new
Windows install, which is far too often.
That puts you in a position where you
learn so much more and those details
matter so much more. You've effectively
let yourself do 5 years of real world
experience every year with the stuff
that you do, even though you're not an
engineer in the traditional sense, which
is silly and dumb. and one of the many
reasons I want to help you get make more
money. So yeah, if you're doing
real open source stuff that people rely
on and use, whether you're a contributor
or even better a maintainer that is
helping go through stuff, your level of
experience for where you're at in your
career will be significantly higher than
you would otherwise expect. Like I know
people who have one year of experience
that is mostly open source work that
runs circles around somebody with five
years of experience at Microsoft. The
author does remind us that senior
engineers aren't immune. Simon Willis,
the creator of Django, good friend of
the channel, one of the best people in
the AI developer space for talking about
how this actually affects us as devs. He
has 30 years of experience. He's been
coding since I was born. He reported
that he doesn't have a firm mental model
of what the applications he builds can
do and how they work, which means each
additional feature becomes harder to
reason about. And I can absolutely
understand that. The skilled
orchestrator problem buried in a recent
study by Anthropic was a surprisingly
honest moment when speaking about the
risks of engaging with coding agents on
a regular basis. One reason that the
atrophy of coding skills is concerning
is the paradox of supervision.
Effectively using Claude requires
supervision and supervising Claude
requires the very coding skills that may
atrophy from overusing AI. A director of
software engineering at LinkedIn who has
50 engineers reporting to them has
noticed it proliferating throughout the
organization and requested his team to
not use them for quote tasks that
require critical thinking or problem
solving. To grow skills, people need to
go through hardship. They need to
develop the muscle to think through
problems. How would someone question if
AI is accurate if they don't have
critical thinking? Yep. I don't know
what it looks like to build these skills
now. It's very different from how it
used to be. I'm sure there are new ways
to and I'm sure they're even more
effective using these tools, but I don't
know what that looks like because I
already have the skills. I can't
properly reset to my brain before I knew
all of these things. There's also the
question of what constitutes this
overuse. We already have evidence, both
datadriven and anecdotal, that these
skills can atrophy and dissipate rather
quickly, sometimes even within months.
This is the contradiction that has many
AI boosters talking out of both sides of
their mouths. The use of coding agents
is actively diminishing the very skills
needed to effectively manage the same
coding agents. LMS accelerate the wrong
parts. Oh boy, this is going to be a fun
section. Contrary to the current
narrative that is being espoused, we
didn't necessarily need to write code
faster, especially code that we didn't
fully understand, and particularly in
huge swaths that we couldn't review in
reasonable time frames. Before AI, a
good dev's priority list might look like
the following. First, understanding of
the code and its relation to the
codebase. Second, if the code is aligned
with the documented and efficient
standards. Three, as few lines of code
as needed to accomplish the goal while
maintaining readability, and four,
turnaround time. I don't agree. Depends
on what type of good dev you're
referring to here, because there's a lot
of things that make a dev good, and
everyone will disagree on what those
are. Some people think a good dev is
somebody who writes meticulously
detailed specs and writes five unit
tests per line of code. Others might
think a good dev is the person who
understands the user and the codebase
well enough to make the two meet. Others
might think the best dev is the one who
comes up with a novel solution that is
far outside of the way anyone else
thinks that no one understands until 5
years later and then we're all using it.
I think good devs are people who solve
real problems. I like working with devs
that understand the code base, that are
writing code that is well aligned and
standard, that are writing as few lines
of code as possible, which is actually
very rare. or there's a lot of great
devs that don't even do this and have
good turnaround time. But I have found
that any one of these skills at the
upper end is novel enough that it makes
you unique. Like if you write really
efficient code, that is a thing you're
known for. Like I know Mark, my CTO, is
the code golfer. One of his favorite
things is to see if he can do a whole
advent of code problem in one line of
JavaScript. And then turnaround time, as
I mentioned before, was one of my
skills. And it was enough that it
boosted my career meaningfully that I
could come in, find the things that made
the road map unnecessarily complex,
helped trim and get like really locked
into the thing we actually wanted to
build. So we weren't distracted by all
the things that took most of the time
and brought none of the value. So I
would say a great dev has all of these
skills, but a good dev is somebody who
has the right compromise between them.
The problem is that agentic coding and
LMS in general are inverting this list.
Yeah, most devs should not be allowed to
code fast. That I agree with. As
somebody who coded fast a lot, watching
others try to keep up resulted in a lot
of pain. And the solution was often for
me to slow down, not because my code was
getting buggy, but to get everybody
around me to stop trying to keep pace
because when they did, everything fell
apart. And AI now has everyone trying to
keep pace, and now everything is falling
apart. Their capabilities and usage tend
to focus on speed by increasing the
amount of code that can be generated in
a specified time frame. Speed's a
natural byproduct of high aptitude. When
it's forced, it always leads to lower
accuracy. Okay, I do love this framing.
Actually, this is perfect. I earned my
right to the speed. Y'all haven't yet.
Okay, many of you have. I'm actually
really impressed with how competent so
much of my audience is when I meet you
guys at events and things. I'm blown
away with the so many of you are
doing. Your annoying ass co-workers have
not earned the right to ship fast yet.
And the result is slump. Julius on my
team has absolutely earned the right to
ship fast. He's shipping faster than I
ever have and is pushing the limits of
what agents can do, but also is very
meticulous about how things are
structured more than almost anybody. And
as the author says, the integration of
AI tools does not tend to focus much on
deeper understanding or conciseness. And
I want to be really clear because every
time I mention something like this, the
response is, "Oh, we need better tools
that do that. Those should make a lot of
money." And then I get five people
coming up to me at the OpenAI GBT 5.5
event trying to get me to invest in
their company making AI education
products to help people learn better
with AI instead of just use the AI. Who
do you think makes more money, casinos
or people selling books about casinos?
There's pretty obviously one that does
much better. I have been burned on so
many education investments, even the
ones that were doing revenue, that I
just don't believe that people want this
at all. Given the option of a slot that
makes you feel good and a lesson that
makes you feel bad, 99% of people are
going to pick the prior, there is no
business building this, which sucks that
human nature in capitalism prevent tools
that educate you from being successful.
But that's your guys's fault as users,
not business's fault. Doesn't matter how
good the business does. If users don't
want it, it won't work. Believe me, I'm
speaking from a lot of experience here.
It is absolutely possible to use these
tools if you're determined enough in a
way that will actually make you learn
more and understand systems better. But
that's not how they're being used. Lots
of companies have force mandates that
you have to be doing more with AI and
they have crazy leaderboards and stuff
that are incentivizing bad usage. And
all the hype around that is
demonstrating just how bad things are
getting. Coding equals planning. This is
going to be a fun section. There's a
divide between devs that isn't
highlighted as much. Some of us plan and
think better with code. Thinking and
working in code isn't just meaningless
drudgery. It forces you to think about
things on a technical level that
involves everything from security to
performance to user experience to
maintainability. I very much agree here.
I like planning in code. A thing I talk
about a lot is what got coined at
Twitch's theo method. Instead of writing
a spec, assuming we know how everything
works, that is super long and tedious,
and then building the product and
realizing the spec doesn't make any
sense, I would start with a really
simple, minimal implementation that was
the minimum viable shape of the idea.
And in building that in just a few days,
often I would learn a ton. Sometimes it
would even be good enough we could ship
that as is. Other times I would find all
of the things that make it annoying to
implement and then I can write a good
spec based on what I learn. Death Fudge
put it perfectly in chat. Write once,
throw it away and then build it. Right.
Absolutely. And if AI helps you do that,
awesome. I did this so much it got
coined under my name at my last company
that I worked at traditionally. It is
really powerful to get in the weeds
first. You can't really do that in
coding without coding. I write much
worse plans when I'm not in the
codebase. That's just reality. And when
I'm working with my team, I'll often do
a first pass before proposing the thing
to the team so I have like my roots to
base my proposals on. And guess what?
Plan mode is not that. Plan mode is not
that at all. In a recent interview
discussing specri development, Dax, the
creator of Open Code, which is an open
source coding agent, no less, is quoted
as such. It's also worth noting Dax
isn't the creator of Open Code. He's a
devril at Open Code. Here's what he had
to say. When working on something new or
something challenging, me typing out
code is the process by which I figure
out what we should even be doing. I have
a really tough time just sitting there
writing out a giant spec on exactly how
the feature should work. I like writing
out types. I like writing out how some
of the functions might play together. I
like playing with the folder structure
to see what the different concepts
should be. And this is all stuff I think
most people, most programmers have
always done. I don't agree there. You
would be amazed how many programmers
don't do any of this. They just wait
till the ticket is cut properly and then
they spend way too long writing a
document and then hope they can get
promoted before they even finish the
feature. Most devs don't do this because
most devs are roughly average or worse.
Good devs do this, but most devs don't.
I do agree with him that we shouldn't
necessarily stop doing this. There's no
good reason to, and it's how we figure
out what to do and how to do it right.
The one big part I'll disagree with
here, though, is that when you get it
wrong, it's never been cheaper to fix
it. I always had a sense of dread when I
would commit to a new folder structure
or a new way to do type systems or a new
way to do data fetching because if I'm
wrong, getting it out as hell. Now I can
get it out in a for loop and that's
awesome. It has made my willingness to
experiment with these things go up a ton
and I'm trying patterns I never would
have tried before cuz they had way too
high a risk of being But they
turned out to work really well and I'm
surprised, but it never was worth the
effort before. So again, there's two
sides here. Back to the article. what
you say is often not what you mean and
LLMs fill in ambiguity with assumptions
or even worse hallucinations which leads
to more review, more agent revisions,
more tokens burned and more
disconnection from what is being
created. Inversely, you can marvel at
the most beautiful unambiguous perfectly
structured prompt you ever written and
the LM can still output a hallucinated
method because it's fundamentally a next
token prediction engine, not a compiler.
You cannot replace a deterministic
system with a probabilistic one and
expect zero ambiguity. As a JavaScript
dev, I am offended. Oh boy, this will be
a fun section. Vendor lockin. When I was
browsing LinkedIn during the cloud
outage that occurred a bit ago, I
noticed numerous posts highlighting that
certain devs and engineering teams were
at a standstill. Their workflows, their
own coding abilities, had already
reached a point where they were largely
dependent on these vendors. What used to
be a skill that they could execute with
just a keyboard and text editor suddenly
required a subscription to an AI model
provider. I haven't selfplugged in a
bit, so please permit me to do it this
one time. If you're experiencing vendor
lock in right now, that is your fault.
There are lots of great tools, and I
will obviously plug my own with T3 code,
that don't just give you the ability to
switch between models. They give you the
ability to switch between subscriptions
and providers. There is no world in
which claude, codecs, cursor, and open
code are all down at the same time. And
it's actually quite valuable to hop
between these things. I can't tell you
how many times I've had GBT 5.5 debug
Opus slop and how many times I've had
Opus come in and make a slightly better
UI for some GPT 5.5 code. A lot of devs
are doing this wrong. They are relying
on one thing way too hard. The same way
that a lot of devs rely on US East1 too
hard. The difference is that somehow
Anthropic is less reliable than US
East1, but it's the same problem. And
there's lots of good open-source
solutions to this problem. Again, T3
Code is a fully open-source desktop app
and web app now, too, that you can use
to run all of your agents on your
existing subscriptions and hop between
them at a moment's notice. I have had
times where Claude was down and I wanted
to use it, but I hopped over to GPT 5.5
and was fine or even hopped over to
Cursor where they were using Opus models
through other providers and also were
fine. You can also deploy Claude on
things like Amazon Bedrock, which has
way more reliability and better uptime
than you would get out of using Claude
directly. So, I don't love this vendor
lockin point. I think like all things,
reliability is your concern as a dev.
The problem here isn't that we're all
stuck relying on one thing. It's that
stupid devs have nothing else to do when
their thing goes down, so they complain
about it online. An interesting point
here is that you can't predict your
token cost. Model providers are heavily
subsidized and the models themselves are
built on shifting sands. Every new model
released follows the same pattern of
high benchmarks followed by hype
followed by the reality of usage and
everyone complaining about them being
nerfed and burning through 2x or 3x as
many tokens to get the same job done.
This is a cloud complaint. This is
absolutely a cloud complaint. Like this
is not how it works at open land. You
guys are just so deep on cla code that
your brains are falling out. everyone,
whatever side you're on, if you're a
Claude Code Dieard or a Claude Code
hater, Claude Code specifically has
ruined the discourse about so many of
these things. Oh, don't quote that. That
Primagen video, not that video. Not the
one I had to tear to pieces cuz it was
so wrong. Oh, no. Don't quote that. This
article was so good up until this point.
You know how much your employees cost,
but you have no idea how much your token
costs will be dayto-day, monthtomonth,
year to year. If all of your costs are
fixed, you don't have a real
business. I've never worked with a
company that is doing well that had
entirely fixed costs. Everything is
flexible. Everything fluctuates.
Computer costs skyrocketed because of
tariffs and RAM being more expensive.
Egg costs skyrocketed for restaurants. A
fixed cost business is a failing
business. Generally speaking, I'm just
going to skip this paragraph because I
don't agree. To be frank, I generally
think vendor lockin arguments are
competence failures. Good vendors make
it easier to do less work and the move
out of a given vendor is just the
adoption of the work you avoided doing.
So the example I often give is Verscell.
Moving off of Versell is easy. You just
have to write the code you hadn't
written yet. I don't write code that
only works on Verscell. I write code
that works on Versel that is missing
pieces that I didn't have to write
because I was using Verscell and
Verscell handles it. When I leave
Verscell, I have to go add those pieces
back in. Using cloud code means I don't
have to write the code by hand. Leaving
cloud code doesn't mean I can't write
code anymore. It means I have to go
write it myself again or use any of the
15 other providers. Like there's so many
options. I just I don't like this
argument. Vendor lockin is not the right
framing for all of this. So let's go to
the last section here. Demoting AI's
role and certainly not advocating for
typing all code out manually.
Programmers have always been looking for
ways to create code without having to
write it. That's why we have things like
emit the autocomplete system that is in
VS Code for shorthand. I always hated
EMTT personally but each their own. They
also have traditional autocomplete
snippets as well. I used to be like the
biggest anti-nippid and template guy. AI
means I don't have to care anymore,
which is great. Even Cobalt was designed
to encapsulate more instructions with
less writing by using English-like words
such as move and write. BigQuery's motto
was write less, do more. LMS are another
addition to this array of codegen tools.
What I'm advocating for, though, is
leveraging LM's and coding agents as a
secondary process, a way that doesn't
sacrifice the individual skill at the
alter productivity. You can flip the
script and lean on them to brainstorm
the planning parts of the process while
staying actively engaged throughout
implementation. Delegating to them on an
asneeded basis. You can leverage the
productivity gains and mitigate the
comprehension debt. I'm going to go
through his workflow and then I'm going
to discuss mine and my framing that
might be a little different. He uses LLM
to help generate specs and plans while
he facilitates the implementation.
It's an inversion of the orchestration
flow. He's still manually coding
anywhere from 20% to 100% depending on
the task. I use LMS to investigate but
not to write the plan. That's
interesting. I very often am writing
pseudo code when I do engage with the
models. Closing the distance between the
request and generate code. Yep,
absolutely. I love writing pseudo code.
I like doing it back and forth on pseudo
code too where I'll have the model
generate the pseudo code. I'll make
recommendations. We'll go back and
forth. I'll be like, "Okay, that's good.
What does it look like in my codebase?"
He also uses the models as delegation
utilities for ad hoc code generation and
interactive documentation as well as
research tools so that he can constantly
ask questions, iterate, refactor, and
gain clarity. Okay, now we're cooking.
We'll go back there in a sec. He never
generates more than he can review in a
given sitting. If it's too much to
review, he slows down and splits the
task up, manually refactoring when
needed to ensure a comprehensive
understanding of the end result. And
he'll never ask an LLM or agent to
implement something that he's never done
before or couldn't do on his own, except
perhaps purely for educational or
tutorial purposes and often discarded
afterwards. Okay, he's dancing around a
concept here that I don't even know if
he has embraced yet. The harsh reality
is that most code wasn't worth writing
before if it wouldn't be run thousands
of times. Any task that code can solve,
a human can too, just not necessarily as
efficiently. But if I only have to do
the thing once and it would take a
thousand lines of code, it wasn't worth
writing that code. I would just do the
thing by hand. The important thing to do
is to think about how important is each
function that you're writing. Is the
code that you're writing code that's
going to be run thousands of times a day
by your users? Or is it code that's
going to be one once in a migration? Or
maybe you're doing some data analysis
and you want to like dig something out
of 500,000 rows in a CSV and you're only
going to run the code once. you just
want to get this info. Understanding how
frequently a piece of code is going to
run is essential in understanding how
important that code is and how important
it is to understand that code. And once
you've internalized this, you can go
further with it. When you realize
there's a lot of code where the quality
doesn't matter because you're just
running the thing one time and not
thinking about it again, you're going to
start writing code for things you
wouldn't have before. I have written so
much code for stuff like oneoff
calculators for checking numbers from
one specific task I did or writing a
2000 line of code JS file to manage
assets on my NAS when I'm in the middle
of transferring a bunch of files between
Those things were never worth
writing code for before cuz it would be
faster to just sit there and do the task
yourself. Now all of a sudden it is way
more valuable to write code for those
things. And that has been the biggest
shift for me is using the AI to write
code that otherwise wouldn't have been
worth writing and at the same time using
AI to better understand the code that is
worth writing. The harsh reality is that
most people who are working with agents
can't tell you which code is running at
all, much less which code is running a
lot and which code is run once. And if
you don't have that level of
understanding, you need to fix that. But
once you have this understanding and you
can think through the work you're doing
in this range, you're going to find more
value on both ends of that spectrum. On
the end where you're writing code to run
personally just a couple times, you'll
be doing way more in solving way more
interesting problems in more interesting
ways. And on the other side, the most
complex code can be explained to you
with an agent and you can find the hot
paths and learn more about how it's
architected. And if there's something
wrong with it, you can use the agent to
adjust things at massive scales like you
couldn't before. And I have found that I
use AI entirely differently for the code
that is run a lot and is shipping to
users versus the code that I'm using for
one-off tasks. And realizing this and
realizing you can do better in both
areas with AI is the powerful unlock
I've been trying to help more of you
have. The author titles the next
section, I'm not going faster, but I'm
doing better quality work. Why not both
is my challenge. Faster for the one-off
things, faster to solve problems, faster
to do stuff that wasn't even worth doing
before, but improving the quality in
things that required too much manpower,
improving the quality in things that you
didn't understand fully and now can.
Getting more versions of a thing out
before solidifying the one you want to
commit to. The code that matters should
be better quality because of AI. And the
code that doesn't should be 10 times
more prolific because of AI. We should
get both. And when those two get
confused with each other, everything
falls apart. Let's wrap this up because
this was an awesome article. I'll be
real. I want to let him have the last
word. The productivity gains from these
models are real. And so is the friction
and understanding that came from
engaging with the work on a tangible and
frequent basis. Despite countless failed
attempts at trying to democratize coding
while not understanding coding, we're
faced with the reality that you cannot
understand code without engaging with
it. It's also become clear that if you
don't keep engaging in writing it, you
can lose touch with that understanding,
which will in turn make you a less
capable orchestrator in the first place,
rendering this phase of AI coding a
strange and needlessly stressful
interlude. Perhaps I am worrying too
much, but history contains lessons. This
all feels similar, though, like another
large experiment we're running on
ourselves. We've been through a similar
period with the introduction of social
media without understanding the
long-term implications, and we're now
faced with attention deficit amongst
many other issues on a wide scale. This
time we're gambling with something much
riskier. He ends with a quote from
Jeremy Howard. People who go all in on
AI agents now are guaranteeing their own
obsolescence. If you outsource all your
thinking to computers, you stop
upskilling, learning, and becoming more
competent. I absolutely agree. This is a
phenomenal article from Lars. Definitely
recommend checking out his blog. It'll
be linked in the description if you want
to see his other posts. This is far from
his only great blog post. Definitely
check out his indispensable value in AI
era post as well as everyone can
delegate now just from this year alone.
Very thankful to Lars for writing this.
This is an awesome read and I hope you
learn something from it. Don't let the
AI take away your thinking. Let it
advance your thinking and you can build
better, smarter things as you learn more
and solve more problems. If AI isn't
making you smarter, you are using it
wrong. And I highly recommend you
reflect before you lose those valuable
skills. It's a really important time to
be on top of these things now more than
ever. and letting those skills atrophy
will hurt your career long term. That's
all I have to say on this for now.